<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE article PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DocBook XML V4.5//EN"
"http://www.oasis-open.org/docbook/xml/4.5/docbookx.dtd">
<article lang="en">
  <articleinfo>
    <title>PB138 Zoo Application Improvement</title>
    <author>
      <firstname>Marek</firstname>
      <surname>Pastierik</surname>
    </author>
  </articleinfo>

  <section>
    <title id="my-task">My task</title>

    <para>My main task was to improve the graphic interface of this application and it's development for ios. With the new design I tried to link the city of Brno with the Zoo. In the application can be seen well-known landmarks which were made into symbols,such as the statute of Jost in the Services section or the Orloj in the Visitors section. I tried to make it as simple as I could. In every section there are pictograms which help to understand the given part. This can be helpful for kids and also people who do not speak the czech language. The whole design has a brighter color scheme as opposed to the old one. Changes have been made to the text as well including bigger spaces between the sections and I also highlighted the titles. As a new feature we added facts about animals. This section contains the basic information about each animal. The whole application is created in a responsive style. As the team leader I also had to organize the whole project. I had to make sure that the project is done on time and that everyone is doing their given tasks. I would say that this was the hardest part, but all the members of this project were responsible and did their work well.</para>
  </section>

  <section>
    <title>Problems</title>

    <para>The first problem was adapting at new programming language React Native. Before the project i used to develop mobile applications only in swift. Second problem was parsing text from database, which contained elements with specific style. Unfortunately, there is no module in React Native which would parse these elements. One of the possible ways is parsing manually. However, this method requires implementation of infinity options for style and types of element using switch or dozens of if's. Thus we decided to parse these elements as normal text.<para/>
  </section>

  <section>
    <title>Summary</title>

    <para>Overall, I rate this assignment positively as it was different from others. We were programming in React Native which is a programming language that I didn’t have any experience with before and I am glad that I learned how to use it. I am also happy that i got the chance to lead a project.</para>
  </section>
</article>